	Deriving values for devices.

The inital plan was to allow a user to enter the values of the device id, it's name and possibly the operating systems that device configration will run on.  This data would be duplicated by the main makefile on github from the contributing users.  In order to ensure data consistency it is better to derive this information as the device configuration has been added on github.

Git logs:
I realised these can serve well for the log book, and as of 01 / 8 / 18 i am using the commit messages as my log book.


Malicious code:

There is the possibily that a user could write malicious code, in the form of scripts to wipe the system or trojan horses etc.  Because the point of this project is to insert code into the kernel this cannot easily be mitigated against.  There was the possibility of only allowing users of the site stackoverflow with a high reputation to contribute but there may only be a small overlap of users on both this site and github.com.

One option is to  triage the recommended code repositries by users to ensure that the repositries are legitimate. This can easily be decieved by a lot of users with malicious intent, making the idea redundant.

One possibily is to present this project to the linux community and allow them to vet the code contributed.  This will include ensuring that binary firmware files come from a legitimate source.  It detracts from the purpose of this project, in the eyes of my Supervisor Ian.  That said when this project is done it might be worth considering.

Error reporting:

As the github users authenticate with github the system retrieves an access code, providing access using Oauth to write rights on the contributing user's repositry.  Using this acces token the system can write bug reports in the form of issues to the project on which there is a problem.

In order to prevent spam on github the file uploaded to the error reporting servlet will include the token sent to the client machine which the servlet will then check to ensure that the error log being posted is genuine.  The problem here is that someone monitoring the connection can then extract the code and use this to spam the github walls of the people contributing.  One solution is to use a system such as public private key encryption to ensure the key cannot be worked out, deleting the hash after it is used.

Having spoken to a friend about this i realised that the connections to github and my project can use ssl encryption, making this  attack difficult.  The passwords could be worked out by analysing the program in it's execution but this is not very likely.


install linux headers as dependency.
install curl as a dependency.

Testing:

Cookie for gitauth, retain repository information
Ensuring url selected

Requirements:
libcurlpp0
libjsoncpp1
libvterm0
libgtkmm-3.0-1v5

Conclusion:



I like to think that, using Github and standard protocols, i have made a complicated proposal quite simple.

The plan was to make this distribution available for different operating systems based on the rpm / debian package managers. a look at the most popular distributions in 2018 shows each version comes with it's own package manager. such as AUR in Arch Linux and portage in Gentoo.  This makes providing a package for each version time consuming, but it could still be done. 

